proposal-template.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Tempo
[//]: "Hyperledger: Labs"
---
# Lab Name
Tempo

# Short Description
_Provide a short description of your lab. This will be used for the Github repository's description._

# Scope of Lab
_Enter the scope of the lab. This should include enough information to allow the Lab stewards to understand how it fits within Hyperledger's mission._

# Initial Committers
_Enter the Github IDs for the set of initial committers._
- https://github.com/cloud1230
- https://github.com/LilkkJerry
- https://github.com/KaiQiu9527
- ...

# Sponsor
_Provide the name of your sponsor. A sponsor is optional, but the sponsor must be a maintainer of one of the Hyperledger projects, a TOC member, or a WG chair. Read about sponsors' duty in [Section 3, Labs proposal](./index.md#process-to-propose-a-new-lab)._
- https://github.com/<user_id> or Name (email@example.org) - Role (e.g., "Chair of the XXX workgroup")

# Pre-existing repository
_If you currently have a Github repository that you wish to transfer to the Hyperledger Labs organization, please provide a link here. **NOTE: Please refer to the README for additional information on existing repositories.**_
- https://github.com/<your_repo>

Commit message:

add scope and short description for proposal
Signed-off-by: Ziyi Zhang <cloud1230@hotmail.com>

proposal-template.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Tempo
[//]: " Labs"
---
# Lab Name
Tempo

# Short Description
Pure blockchain solution for time series data.

# Scope of Lab
The lab explores a non-intrusive method which is used to expand the storage and processing capabilities of the existing blockchain platform for time series data without damaging the decentralization feature of the blockchain, so that the blockchain can support more service scenarios, including IoT scenarios.

The current blockchain platform or implementation has the following problems: Most blockchain platforms in the industry support only KV data storage, but not complex data storage. (relational data, streaming data, time series data, etc.); Currently, the smart contract of most blockchain platforms in the industry support only KV-type data storage and read interfaces, or enhanced query capabilities for pre-specified data types. (relational data, streaming data, time series data, etc.) OLTP (basic operation) and OLAP (advanced analysis) capabilities; If you need to support complex types of data processing and analysis capabilities, you need to intrusively modify the code of the blockchain platform, which is a very difficult development task and faces the problem of open source maintainence.

The lab provide the solution to support timepoint data stored based on IoT time series database convergence wiht blockchain, thus make data can be written, read, aggregated, and analyzed through smart contract . For data aggregation and analysis tasks with a long time line and a large amount of data, parallel computing can be used to accelerate task execution based on the multi-point storage feature of blockchain. Supports latency-sensitive service scenarios (such as traffic governance). Finally, a pure on-link solution can be implemented for IoT time series data, which does not depend on off-link components. Data storage, aggregation, computing, and query can be completely decentralized. It is not bound to a blockchain platform or time series database. You can use plug-ins to flexibly expand the application scenarios (such as Hyperledger Fabric and GaussDB).

# Initial Committers
_Enter the Github IDs for the set of initial committers._
- https://github.com/cloud1230
- https://github.com/LilkkJerry
- https://github.com/KaiQiu9527

# Sponsor


# Pre-existing repository
